Update description of calendar in README (#18)
AI4S2S/lilio: README.md

```

## How the lilio calendars work

In Lilio, calendars are 2-dimensional. Each row (year) represents a unique
observation, whereas each column corresponds to a precursor period with a
certain lag. This is how we like to structure our data for ML applications.

![Conceptual illustration of Lilio Calendar](docs/assets/images/calendar_concept.png)

> We define the "anchor date" to be between the target and precursor periods. All

Author: Fair enough, I've updated that

3        2021           1  [2021-11-30, 2022-05-29)      460.5   False
```

For convenience, Lilio offers a few shorthands for standard of calendars e.g.
[`monthly_calendar`](https://lilio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/autoapi/lilio/calendar_shorthands/index.html#lilio.calendar_shorthands.monthly_calendar)
and
[`weekly_calendar`](https://lilio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/autoapi/lilio/calendar_shorthands/index.html#lilio.calendar_shorthands.weekly_calendar).

> However, you can also create very complex calendars by calling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you can also create custom calendars by calling
```
As `Calendar` can also be used to make simple calendars.

[`Calendar`](https://lilio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/autoapi/lilio/calendar/index.html#lilio.calendar.Calendar)

> directly.

Reviewer: Perhaps we should refer to the `all_about_the_calendar` notebook here as well (as that feels more explanatory than the docstring).

Author: Good point! It would be nice to include these example notebooks in the documentation.

Author: Updated the PR with a link to the repo for now.

Author: Opened https://github.com/AI4S2S/lilio/issues/23
